[firework sparking]
It's been a while,
since we all met like this.
I know.
Sorry we were late.
It's okay.
I'm just glad you could come.
[gentle music]
Man...
It's summer already.
[gentle music]
Went by fast.
Ayane.
[dramatic music]
[shop bell tinkles]
You Aoi?
Ah! Yeah.
It's nice to meet you.
I'm Tomoya Sugisaki.
How are you?
- [shop bell tinkles]
- You guys are early.
By like five minutes.
Name's Ryo.
Nice to meet you guys.
Yeah.
So, we are all here, then.
Uh, may as well start.
[bell dings]
[upbeat music]
First things first.
Okay, we decided to
meet today for one goal:
to see if we can make contact
with the summer ghost.
For the last two years,
there have been sightings here
during the summer.
They say she appears
when there's fireworks.
- [Aoi] Fireworks?
- [Ryo] Yeah.
Everyone who saw
her had lit some.
[register dings]
[pen clicks]
Based on accounts,
she's about 20 years old.
She's got long hair
and wears dark clothes.
So if I had to guess,
she probably looks like this.
You're good.
Oh.
You know, she's
actually quite pretty.
[Tomoya chuckles]
Now, according to the
rumors going around,
she committed suicide.
[insects trilling]
Oh!
- What's wrong?
- Uh, it's nothing.
Now that I think about it,
aren't ghosts like,
well, scary?
You only just
thought of that now?
Fine.
- We're going, though.
- No!
No, wait! I didn't mean
I didn't want to go!
Wait for me!
Just pointing out it
might get scary is all.
Oh, so, uh, Tomoya,
what made you want to
seek out the summer ghost?
I was just wondering,
since you were the one who
sent out the initial email.
Hmm. It's a secret.
[Aoi] What? Seriously?
[laughs] You tease.
[insects trilling]
Sugisaki.
A, A, A, A.
Okay.
Grades are, of course,
not a problem for you.
I wish my other students
were more like you.
Thank you.
[teacher sighs]
Hey.
Yes?
[bottle pops open]
I'm counting on you.
[Tomoya chuckles]
[dramatic music]
- [Ryo] Tomoya.
- Uh, huh?
What's with that
look? [chuckles]
We're here.
[Tomoya gasps]
[dramatic music]
Oh!
- It's huge.
- Yeah, it used to be
an airport.
- No one flew out of it,
so they shut it down--
- [Ryo] Hey!
- Oh!
- Huh?
We gonna do this thing?
[firework sparking]
Do you think that it's real?
Like, does the summer
ghost actually exist?
I don't know.
But people say fireworks
appease the spirits.
I hope it reaches her.
[dramatic music]
[insects trilling]
[Ryo] I don't
think she's coming
[Aoi] But we lit so many.
[Ryo] Well, this
is the last one.
- You can have it.
- [Aoi] Thanks.
[gentle music]
[Ryo]
Tomoya, you know,
I actually believed
in ghosts and stuff.
Too bad they don't exist.
That said, this was the most
fun I've had in a long time.
I'm really glad
I met you guys.
So thanks for that.
[dramatic music]
[firework sparking]
- [Aoi] Ah!
- Ah!
The heck?
[Aoi] What just happened?
I think she's here.
Huh?
[tense music]
Ah!
Excuse me, are you
the summer ghost?
Yeah, that's me.
So what is it you want
from someone like me?
Someone who's dead.
[Aoi gasps]
[tapping floor]
[Aoi sighs]
[locker door slams]
[students chattering]
Ah!
[insects trilling]
- [water splashing]
- Ah!
[Student laughing] Nice aim!
Yeah, she looks
like a drowned rat.
Oh.
Hm?
Get down!
- What do you
think you're doing?
- Let go of me!
Stop it!
[Woman] She only
just returned to school
and there's another incident?
[Man] Makes me think that
she's part of the problem.
[Aoi crying]
[Aoi] Are there
still cliques and stuff
when you're, like, a ghost?
Well, no.
Because you're
basically on your own.
Oh.
Good to know.
That would be easier.
[Summer Ghost] Yeah.
Being with other
people definitely has
its pros and cons.
Is something wrong?
Look.
The sparkler's still lit.
Huh.
Kinda creepy.
Hey, do you feel isolated
by your classmates?
Is that the reason
you wanna die?
Oh!
Not everyone is able
to see me, you know.
It's only ones who've
been contemplating death.
That means Tomoya
and Ryo have... [gasps]
Now what about the two of you?
It's your turn.
Ah...
Miss Summer Ghost?
Ayane Sato.
That's my name.
You're a ghost, right?
Do we all become
one when we die?
Who knows?
What else do you want to ask?
I want to know if the
world looks any different
when you're a ghost.
[Ayane sighs]
I can't tell you.
It's not something
you can explain.
Only ghosts can
understand ghosts.
I'm afraid my time is up.
Thanks so much for
our little chat.
Boo!
Take care, 'kay?
[insects trilling]
Take care, 'kay.
Ghost really do exist.
I knew it.
[Doctor] That's basically it.
.Make sure you inform
me of any changes.
Yeah, I will.
Where are your parents?
They're back at home.
They'd only be a distraction
with all their crying.
[gentle music]
- [boy groans]
- [Ryo] Practicing hard,
I see.
Oh!
Long time no see.
You know, you never told
me why you quit basketball.
I just felt like it.
You just felt like it?
'Cause I'm dying.
What?
[gentle music]
I got about nine months left.
Won't get to see the Sakura.
[ball bangs and bounces]
Nah, I'm just messing with ya.
Did you buy it?
Oh!
Man!
You shouldn't joke about
that kind of stuff.
You really had me
there for a second.
[birds chirping]
[Tomoya sighs]
[gentle music]
[Mother] Tomoya, can
you come here a sec?
Tomoya,
I know you can hear me.
Yeah.
The results from that
practice exam you took came in.
You did pretty well
on the math part.
Your essay questions need work.
You have to answer the question.
You can't just write
about how you're feeling.
You understand what
I'm saying, right?
I don't know why you're
having such trouble with this.
[upbeat music]
[Aoi] What?
You have cram school
on Sundays, too?
Yeah, 'cause
exams are coming up.
Wait, but mine
aren't 'til next year.
Does that mean you're
older than me, Tomoya?
Hold on.
So you're only a junior?
[Aoi] You're not, Ryo?
I mean, uh...
[Ryo laughing] Ryo's fine.
[upbeat music]
Hmm.
Ah!
[insects trilling]
[mobile chiming]
- Hello?
Aoi? What changed?
- Are you okay?
- Mm-hm.
Nothing happened.
It's just...
Sometimes I can't
believe it was real.
Just try not to
overthink it too much.
I mean, what happened
wasn't exactly normal.
- Tomoya?
- Sorry.
I should probably hang up,
'cause I'm almost home.
Later.
[insects trilling]
[Ayane]
Hi, there.
So you came back.
Your face says it all.
You just couldn't stay away.
- I was curious.
- Hmm.
Or greedy.
[gentle music]
Hey, Tomoya, why do
you think you're alive?
What makes you
so sure I'm alive?
- Do I look it?
- Only somewhat.
The thing is,
I don't really feel like I am.
It's so bad sometimes I can't
even tell if I'm alive or not.
[laughs] Well, that just
means your spirit's dead.
Which isn't healthy.
Pretty ironic,
coming from you.
So, what are you
gonna do about it, then?
I haven't decided yet.
It's why I wanted to ask you.
All of these feelings,
the pain, do you still
have them as a ghost?
Because if you don't,
I might change my situation.
Oh, I see.
Wanna see what it's like?
Huh?
Yeah, for a change of pace.
Come fly with me.
[wind whooshing]
[whimsical music]
Ready?
All right.
Hold on tight, okay?
Ah!
[bright music]
So?
How do you like it?
With your body
back on the ground,
your soul is free now.
[quietly] Amazing.
Ah!
[Tomoya screaming]
[wind whooshing]
[water splashes]
Huh?
Did I fall through the ground?
[Ayane] [laughs] Sorry!
My bad.
I wanted it to be a surprise.
So you could figure
it out on your own.
Well, it was a bad idea.
I said sorry.
Look, to make amends,
I'll teach you how to fly.
Uh...
All you have to
do is wish for it.
Deep, deep within your heart.
Your soul will take you
wherever you desire.
Now, picture it.
Where is it that you want to go?
[gentle music]
Does this mean you're an artist?
Yeah.
Though, I've stopped
pursuing it already.
There are more important
things in the world, I'm told.
Is that why you've
become withdrawn?
- What?
- Well, now that you have
this whole place to yourself,
are you gonna let
it go to waste?
You're a ghost now.
They can't exactly kick you out.
Ah!
[bright music]
The city lights look
beautiful when you're a ghost.
Yeah, they sure do.
And when you think about it,
since we can't see them flicker,
they're actually even
brighter than this.
Stop that.
You know, you should
be thanking me
instead of ruining the mood.
[Tomoya laughs]
Sorry.
Hey, uh, can I ask you
something personal?
[Ayane] Shoot.
I was wondering why'd you
decide to kill yourself?
Tomoya...
You're mistaken.
I didn't take my own life.
Want to know what happened?
Why don't I tell you, then?
The truth is
I was killed.
- [Tomoya] What is this place?
- [Ayane] My home.
My mom lives by
herself here now.
[somber music]
That day, three years ago,
we had a really bad fight.
[rain falling]
And to be honest,
it was over something
really minor.
I was so upset I ended up
running out of the house
in the middle of a typhoon.
[vehicle crashes nearby]
Right as I was
crossing the road,
I was hit by a car who
was running a red light.
Talk about dumb luck, right?
But I was still alive,
just unconscious.
Ah.
When I came to,
I found myself locked
inside a cramped space.
I have a feeling
it was a suitcase.
[Tomoya] Why?
Probably to cover
up the accident.
The driver then
buried me somewhere.
I was struggling to breathe.
Then I heard a train
in the distance.
Then nothing.
That was my final memory.
My mom's still waiting
for me to come home.
Do you have any idea
where you were buried?
I tried to figure
that out at first.
But it wouldn't change anything.
Oh, man, there's so many
things I didn't get to do.
Travel the world, fall in love.
I'm jealous of the
future ahead of you.
Mm.
But you can still travel.
What's more, you can
even do it for free.
[Ayane]
Hey!
That was a tad insensitive.
You get a demerit.
But I honestly
am jealous of you.
- [Ayane] Tomoya.
- [Tomoya] Yes?
Would you help
me find my body?
Hm?
I feel like I could
find it if you helped me.
The whole reason I
gave up looking for it
was 'cause I couldn't touch
it, even if I found it.
[gentle music]
[chuckles] Sorry.
I made this all
about me in the end.
You can forget I said anything.
Take care, 'kay?
[insects trilling]
[students chattering]
[Aoi sniffling]
[water running]
[gentle music]
[person claps nearby]
[car rumbling]
I thought you had
cram school today.
Get in.
It's the second term already.
I know you've been
out and about.
You can't fool me.
I've been...
looking for a friend.
A friend? Is a friend more
important than your own future?
I'll be calling your cram school
to make sure you're going.
You need to start
facing reality.
- Ah!
- [car door slams]
Hey, where do you
think you're going?
Come back here, Tomoya!
[register dings]
Huh?
[gentle music]
Nothing.
No luck today either.
I'm sorry.
What for?
It's not your fault.
Besides, these are
like dates for me.
I'm supposed to take my
entrance exams this year.
Once I'm in college,
I won't be able to come
back here very often.
I see.
[Ayane] Then let's just
stop looking for me.
Huh?
Summer's almost over anyway,
so it's kind of perfect timing.
Hold on. We don't have to
give up looking--
It's okay.
I shouldn't bother
you anymore with it.
Your time is limited.
No need to waste any
more of it on me.
No, wait.
That's another demerit.
Girls don't like men
who are too persistent.
I said it's fine.
So it's fine.
Why is that?
Is it 'cause you don't think
you'll be here much longer?
Perhaps.
I think I get it.
I'll see you tomorrow at dusk.
Please wait for me.
Are you free to meet now?
I need your help.
[Tomoya]
I want to find Ayane's body,
but I'll need the both of you.
I knew this was about her.
Let me guess, you've
been meeting up with her.
Huh?
Really?
Did you fall for her?
Stop it.
- Whatever.
- Huh?
[Ryo] You can count me out.
She killed herself.
It serves her right.
No.
She was murdered.
This is important to me.
Because if I don't do this,
I'll regret it for
the rest of my life.
[Ryo] Oh, yeah?
Well, then I wish you luck.
- Ryo.
- [Ryo] Don't.
- Wait!
- I said don't!
I don't want to hear it, 'kay?
I can't take it.
It's easy for you to
say stuff like that.
'Cause you have a
rest of your life.
Unlike others.
- Unlike me.
- You mean?
Ryo, wait!
[shop bell tinkles]
[dramatic music]
Is something wrong?
- Tomoya?
- No.
It's fine.
Today's the day.
We're going to find your body.
[crossing post blaring]
[dramatic music]
Hey, wait!
Ooh!
Ryo!
[dramatic music]
[Aoi panting]
- Ryo!
- Stay away from me!
Just leave me alone.
[gentle music]
Damn it.
You haven't quite mastered it,
so we can't go far, huh?
Still.
I'm going to find you.
Tomoya.
I want to be left alone.
I knew this would happen.
I knew it'd make things worse.
I'm going to die anyway.
So why bother with anyone else?
Why did I have to meet you guys?
Why?
Why me?
Nothing ever goes right for me.
Ryo.
I don't know if it's really
my place to weigh in, but...
truth is...
I'm being bullied at school.
It's pretty bad.
It's caused me so much
pain for such a long time.
I was so hopeless.
I didn't even know
why I was alive.
And so I went out
searching for answers
and tried to find a ghost.
I know my situation
doesn't compare to yours
and I'm sure that Tomoya
has his own troubles, too.
But I believe that
there has to be a reason
why the three of us met.
Oh!
[bag rustling]
Oh, no!
Ayane!
Can you hear me?
Are you still around?
[somber music]
[Ryo] You ran outta sparklers?
- Amateur move.
- Huh?
[plastic bag rustling]
You know, you're never
gonna find her at that rate.
[gentle music]
I'm sorry.
I was caught up in my own stuff.
I should have noticed.
I never considered
your feelings.
You know, I really can't
stand people like you.
You always think
you know everything
and so you always think
you have it the worst.
[bag rustles]
I'll help, though.
You can thank Aoi.
- Huh?
- Thanks, Ryo.
Come on, then.
[Tomoya] This means a lot.
[dramatic music]
[inaudible dialogue]
My body, do you
think we'll find it?
Yeah, of course.
There's four of us now.
I didn't realize that you
would search this hard for me.
I'm so grateful for
the three of you.
Nothing is better than
having good friends.
Take care of them.
Mm.
- [Aoi] Tomoya!
- Ah!
What is it? Aoi!
[Aoi]
Follow me, quickly!
The suitcase!
I may have found it.
[water gurgling]
It's over there.
'Kay. I'll go look.
I wonder what's
going to happen.
Huh?
Like, will her ghost disappear
when she's reunited
with her body?
I feel kind of sad.
[whimsical music]
Ah!
This is the correct suitcase.
All right!
- Let's go!
- Mm!
I'm so relieved.
I hope this gives my mom
the closure she needs.
So then,
does this mean you'll disappear?
Probably.
But no regrets.
'Cause it was fun in the end.
[water dripping]
And Tomoya?
Good luck with everything.
Huh?
Because you still have
a life left to live.
[insects trilling]
Ah, you're awake.
Okay then, what are
you waiting for?
- Hurry up.
- Yeah.
I'm worried.
You seem to enjoy being
a ghost a bit too much.
For example, you don't think
dying would be that bad.
- Am I right?
- Huh?
[Ayane laughs]
Tomoya.
I'm sorry.
I was rather selfish.
[all panting]
- Ryo!
- I'm okay.
Go on ahead.
Ayane's waited long enough.
[gentle music]
[both panting]
- It's in there.
- Yeah.
But look!
[Ayane] You had your own
problems to deal with,
but I still dragged
you around everywhere.
And now I'm just
leaving you behind.
Don't be sad for me.
Listen,
I wanted to find you.
It was my choice.
[Ayane chuckles]
Okay, then.
Ah!
I'm sure you'll figure it out.
Dying is part of your future,
but it's my past.
It lies exactly in the
middle between the two of us.
[dramatic music]
Ah!
- Aoi?
- You can do it!
Don't give up!
Ah!
[dramatic music]
[ding]
Let's go.
What's wrong?
Tomoya!
You've been wandering around
as a spirit for a long time.
That's why you're here.
This is death, where
there's nothing.
However, it's also where
every bit of you gathers.
You just have to burn it.
Then you can say goodbye
to the rest of the world.
[match strikes]
[tense music]
But I shouldn't, right?
Oh.
What's with that look?
Huh?
Come on.
What do you really want?
[tense music]
[firework sparking]
[Ryo] Tomoya!
- [Tomoya gasps]
- [Ryo] What are you doing?
Snap out of it!
- Ryo, stop.
- You were the one
who wanted to do this!
So now it's time
to follow through.
If you give up right now,
I will never forgive you!
I can't.
I have to go back.
What for?
[wind whooshing]
What is there?
Why cling to something that
has only brought you pain?
[dramatic music]
Why go back?
Ah!
[dramatic music]
Yeah, life's been painful.
But it's not over yet!
And it's not all bad.
For example, Ryo and Aoi.
I learned that if I
put myself out there,
I can meet people like them.
You're not Ayane, you're me.
Searching for a reason to die!
But I have to go back
so I can find Ayane.
Everyone dies.
But do we all live?
I know now.
There's so much to life
I still don't understand.
[gentle music]
[firework sparking gently]
[dramatic music]
[Tomoya grunts]
[ding]
- Tomoya!
[dramatic music]
[zipper unzipping]
Ah.
[gentle piano music]
Finally.
[Tomoya crying quietly]
You found me.
Now I can rest.
[gentle music]
[birds chirping outside]
[doorbell chimes]
Yes?
Huh?
[object clinks]
[gentle music]
Ayane?
[firework sparking]
Man, it's summer already.
Yeah.
How have the two of you been?
I hope you're both good.
Mm-hm.
Hanging in there.
[bright music]
[Tomoya] Choosing to live how
you want is...
harder than I
would have thought.
Yeah, same.
Things haven't
really gotten better.
[bully laughing]
[water dripping]
Ugh, what is wrong with you?
Why do you insist on acting
like a bunch of little brats?
But who knows?
Maybe things will change.
[Tomoya] Sometimes I feel
like it would've been easier
to just do as I'm told.
But you know what?
I'm okay with it.
Because when I think about
how everything is
going to end someday,
I'm not afraid of
anything anymore.
That's why I'm going
to go down my own path.
Hm.
That's good to hear.
Oh!
[gentle music]
It's almost burnt out.
Well, nice chat.
I just wish we could
have more time.
[Ryo]
Why was I even born?
That's all I ever
asked myself back then.
You know, I really believed
that I would get better.
Maybe that's why I
lasted till spring.
[Aoi cries]
I died six months ago.
You still that torn up?
Everything is gonna work
out for the two of you.
There's no guarantee,
but I guarantee it.
Tomoya,
Aoi,
go live your best life.
[Aoi crying quietly]
Let's go home.
Yeah.
[dramatic music]
[gentle music]